Improve error handling in account delete function (#2436)
cloudflare/terraform-provider-cloudflare: .changelog/2436.txt

```release-note:enhancement

> resource/cloudflare_account: Improve error handling of resourceCloudflareAccountDelete

Reviewer: ```suggestion
resource/cloudflare_account: provide account ID for error handling in `resourceCloudflareAccountDelete`
```
